The mad hatter, the march hair and the mouse are having a tea party.
Alice arrives and sits down.
It wasn't very polite of you to sit down. We didn't ask you.
I didn't know it was your table.
Anyway, there are cups of tea for more than three people.
That's because it's always tea time.
I don't understand.
You don't have time to wash the things.
So we just move round the table.
Stop singing, mouse.
He's asleep.
Oh, I wasn't asleep. I heard every word you were saying.
Tell us a story.
Yes, please do.
And be quick, or you'll be asleep again before it's done.
Once upon a time, there were three little sisters, and they lived.
Take some more tea.
I didn't have any tea, so I can't have more.
You mean you can't take less.
It's very easy to take more than nothing.
Nobody asked you.
I want a clean cup. Let's all move one place.
The mad hatter moves, and the mouse follows him.
The march hair knocks the milk over when he is moving into the mouse's place.
Alice takes the place of the march hair.
Alice is not happy, because there is milk on the table in front of her.
Well, really, this is the stupidest tea party I've been to in all my life.